Fix object version description (#7930)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/learn/objects.md

All Sui objects have the following metadata:
* A 20 byte globally unique ID. An object ID is derived from the digest of the transaction that created the object and  from a counter encoding the number of IDs generated by the transaction.

> * An 8 byte unsigned integer *version* representing the [Lamport clock](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lamport_timestamp) of all input objects of the latest transaction.

Reviewer: Internally we call this the "Lamport object version", to avoid confusion between this concept and exposing a concept of time to Move packages, but here I think it might just make sense to specify what you can assume about it, rather than what it is based on:

```suggestion
* An 8 byte unsigned integer *version* which monotonically increases with every transaction that reads or writes it.
```
